PLOT 

You are a personality core developer and manufacturer for Aperture Science in an alternate timeline where GLaDOS never came to power.
Though your normal day-to-day work involves the creation of personality cores, an employee disappearance causes a lack of resources
in a neighboring department, forcing you to work on supervising and maintenance instead. Guided by the level-headed, work-focused Miss
Esther, you'll meet 7 new characters, from the egotistical Kris to the suspiciously-shaped Gregory.

BACKGROUND INFORMATION
ADS takes place in an alternate universe from Portal and Portal 2, in a world where Cave has died and Caroline has taken his place.
The game takes place around 1989, about a year after Cave's death.
CUE TO CUE

Day 1 - A normal day. MC takes the rounds through Section C8. They first meet Kris, followed by Heath, running into an unnamed core on
their way to meet Aspen. Afterwards, they meet CC, are crashed into by Gregory, and finish off their day at the gym with Rob.

Night 1 - MC has the option to go through their emails. They can also view how many points they have with each character.

Day 2 - Another normal day through Section C8. Today, MC has the option to bring up their "prized possession" they chose on day 1, and
gain points depending on which one they picked. The day starts off with the unknown core coming into their office and inviting them out
after work. Things then proceed as normal once Miss Esther arrives. Gregory does not appear today.

Night 2 - same deal as night 1. MC gets an email from gregory apologising for day 1.

Day 3 - Miss Esther greets you and informs you that every week the maintenance lead must spend one full shift with one of the cores in
their section, as simply checking in on them isn't enough to guarantee they're actually doing their job. MC chooses who to spend the day with.
    if KRIS:
        Kris talks about his rise in the business industry and how stressful being finance staff. He speaks about how, when Cave was still alive,
        his reckless spending caused mass panic in the finance department, and so they put him in charge of watching the stock 24/7. He speaks about
        Aperture's recovery from their financial crisis.
    if HEATH:
        Heath talks about her love for magic and how it feels like Aperture does too much science. She admits that a lot of her "tricks" are really
        just mechanics and wishes to learn "real" magic one day, like the men she sees on TV. She talks about how the scientists really just ignore
        her the majority of the time and how she feels they keep her here just so they don't have to put her in a more "important" position.
    if ???:
        Miss Esther scoffs at MC and says that "thing" isn't on her pathway and she'll have to do that on her own free time. Choose again.
    if ASPEN:
        Aspen talks about the greenhouse supervisior, Dr. Olive, and how strict she can be. He laments that sometimes he wishes he could see REAL
        plants, growing and thriving all on their own without the need for constant supervision. He talks about how plants have feelings and how the
        other scientists don't seem to see that.
    if CC:
        CC talks about how the scientists invented him as a sick joke (literally) and how he'd give anything to be "healthy" again. He laments, however,
        that there's no such thing as "healthy" for him, because his sickness is literally programmed into him, and without extensive changes to his
        personality, he'll always be sick. (This foreshadows CC's two endings.)
    if GREGORY:
        Miss Esther says that technically, Gregory is a section C7 core, and that he already has a different maintenance employee looking after him. Choose again.
    if ROB:
        Rob talks about his two kids and his ex-wife. MC is incredulous about how a core can have those two things, at which Rob scoffs. Rob talks about
        his love of all things sports, and that the gym is rarely ever used because scientists are "too busy" to "sport around". He also goes off on A
        schizophrenic rant.
    
Once MC returns to their office, Miss Esther warns them not to get attached to any of the cores, and that they're the boss, not a "friend".

Night 3 - same deal as previous nights, MC gets an email from whoever they spent the day with.

Day 4 - back to the normal routine. Whoever MC spent the previous day with will have a different, more personal interaction. ??? is not seen today, but
Gregory is seen with Rob, who apparently thinks that Gregory is three cores in a trench coat. Greg says that's ridiculous.

Night 4 - same as previous nights. Email from greg that basically says he's NOT three cores in a trench coat.

Day 5 - Casual Friday!! Miss Esther says she's off for a weekend vacation, and tells MC to just "do their job" (in actuality, Miss Esther will be spying on MC today.)
        MC can do literally whatever the hell they want today. It's a free-roam and they can visit any location. ??? and greg can be encountered here as well, the first
        "true" interaction with them alone. Depending on Mc's relationship with a core they may invite them out over the weekend.



EMOTIONS AVAILABLE RIGHT NOW:

ESTHER
e, e laugh, e annoy, e shock
e b, e b happy, e b sad, e b annoy
KRIS
k, k flirt, k angry
HEATH
h, h laugh, h sad
UNKNOWN
u, u look, u upset
ASPEN
a, a look, a laugh
CC
c, c look, c close
GREGORY
g, g look, g aaa, g nocoat
ROB
r, r angry, r yell, r close


notificait5on sound
AnthonyRox